Simmonds Crestwood is designed squarely
with the modern family in mind the Keuka
sod takes its inspiration from classic
70s Australian architecture the corner
windows filter light projecting a
welcome glow to the street
as soon as you step out of the entrance
hallway into the generously proportioned
master bedroom you'll appreciate the
tranquility this room offers walk-in
robes and a superb ensuite bathroom
completes the master bedroom
flowing off the entry hall is the formal
living dining area this spacious room is
perfect for entertaining or relaxing
away from the central hub of the home an
elegant open study provides an ideal
work environment offering superb
communal living areas the open-plan
family meals area and century located
kitchen is both inviting and flexible a
key feature of the elegant and practical
kitchen is the large island bench
specifically designed as a focal point
where your family can congregate
flowing seamlessly from the communal
living space is the cupboard alfresco
area the extensive use of glass and
folding doors further opens the home to
the garden
the Crestwood has a further to generous
sized bedrooms both of which have
building robes a stylish family sized
bathroom with a full-length bath
separate laundry without door access and
linen cupboard are also centrally
located simmons Crestwood
perfect for modern family life